20살 생일선물로 치사카 아이리와 결혼하게 해주세요 헤헤





아이리 보이스팩 한정판 들으면서 자야징



















아앙♥.... 아앙♥.... 아이리 마망... 좀 더 좀더 저에게 벌을...!!! 








AWS 서버비 없다....




















한쿡인인 척 하는 미쿡인 입니당 

원래는 취미삼아 운영체제 용 프로그래밍 언어를 직접 만들어보면 개쩔듯 생각해서 시작했는데 그냥 AI 써서 
아이리 만의 언어 만드는것도 재밌겠다 생각해서 만들었습니다 









########english#########
Please let me marry Ari Chisaka for my 20th birthday present hehe





I'm going to sleep while listening to the limited edition of the Irish Boys' Face Mask



















Aang ♥... Aang ♥... Iri Mamang... A little more punishment to me...!!! 








No AWS server fee....




















I'm a ameRIcan who pretends to be a koREan 

Originally, as a hobby, I thought it would be embarrassing to make a programming language for the operating system, but I just used AI 
I thought it would be fun to make my own language, so I made it





















The letter, which was first started in the U.K., 
gave good luck to the recipient by circling it once a year, 
and has now been transferred to you, should leave you within four days. 
You should send seven letters, including this one, to someone in need of good luck. 
You are welcome to copy it. 
You may call it a superstition, 
but it is true. In the U.K., a man named HGXWCH received it in 1930. 
He asked his secretary to copy and send it to him. A few days later, 
he won the lottery and received two billion won. Some received the letter, 
but forgot that they had to get out of his hands within 96 hours. He resigned soon after. 
It was only after he learned this and sent seven letters, but he got a good job again. 
U.S. President Kennedy received the letter, but he just threw it away. 
Eventually, nine days later, he was assassinated. Please remember, 
if you send this letter, you will have seven years of good luck, 
or you will have three years of bad luck. 
And you should never throw it away or scribble it away. Seven letters. 
The recipient of this letter will have good luck. It may be hard, but think it's good. 
Good luck with seven years..